#summary Browserscope Roadmap

= Browserscope Roadmap =

This page is done in OKR (Objective, Key Result) style, and is essentially an high-level view of where we're heading with Browserscope. There are of course many related and tangential issues which can be found in our Issue Tracker.


== Q4 2009 ==

=== The Prepare to Scale More Broadly Quarter ===

[http://code.google.com/p/browserscope/issues/list?can=2&q=milestone=Q4-2009&colspec=ID%20Type%20Status%20Priority%20Milestone%20Owner%20Summary Q4-2009 Issues]

*Objective*: Be able to roll out median trees much more quickly.

*KR*: Overall, we need to be able to regenerate our median data more quickly to enable fixes to either the logic in calculating the results themselves or else when we fix User Agent classifications. This entails trying a variety of mechanisms to achieve this goal, i.e. offline SQL based updates, dynamic sampling, etc...


*Objective*: Expose Trending Graphs to evaluate browser progress.

*KR*: Right now our results tables take alot of inference in order to discern the speed of improvement over time and over versions. We should expose a gviz data provider backend that enables chart configurations as an alternate to the table view UI.


*Objective*: Add some interesting new test categories.

*KR*: 1-3 new test categories would be great.


== Q1 2010 ==

=== The Begin Scaling More Broadly Quarter ===

[http://code.google.com/p/browserscope/issues/list?can=2&q=milestone=Q1-2010&colspec=ID%20Type%20Status%20Priority%20Milestone%20Owner%20Summary Q1-2010 Issues]

*Objective*: Be able to store more granular data for test results while compacting into < 15 table result columns.

*KR*: Bundled tests which actually represent a bunch of tests under the hood. Right now we're solving this problem in a non-scalable way with the GetRowScore method, but that requires all of the possible data for a row, and it's so slow that we have to fall back to static results tables (i.e. RichText). Our Selectors API results are missing all of the granularity from the 2000 tests currently due to this issue.


*Objective*: Work on a Design Doc for User-Uploaded tests

*KR*: A design doc that describes the upload format, scaling constraints, etc...


== Q2 2010 ==

=== The Scaling More Broadly Quarter (aka Fanout Filly) ===

[http://code.google.com/p/browserscope/issues/list?can=2&q=milestone=Q2-2010&colspec=ID%20Type%20Status%20Priority%20Milestone%20Owner%20Summary Q2-2010 Issues]

*Objective*: Allow users to run their own tests on Browserscope, visualize their results via the table and graphs, and download the result data.

*KR*: A user should be able write a config file defining their test, and then we'll host that test and store beacon'd results data for them. This will likely be a lot of work to do correctly and could reach into Q3.